.TH gfs2oogl 1 "July 9, 2008" "" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
gfs2oogl2D, gfs2oogl3D \- converts a Gerris simulation file to other (graphical) formats.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gfs2oogl
.RI [OPTION] < GFS_FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gfs2oogl
command.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.

.TP
.B \-u V, \-\-iso=V
Outputs a GTS file isosurface for value V the variable needs to be specified using \-c.
.TP
.B \-f D, \-\-stream=D
Draw evenly-spaced streamlines (D is the spacing).
.TP
.B \-I M, \-\-dmin=M
Controls length of evenly-spaced streamlines default is 0.5.
.TP
.B \-O M, \-\-maxcost=M
Controls compression of streamlines (default is 2e-7).
.TP
.B \-b x,.., \-\-box=x,y,..
Specify bounding box for streamline calculation.
.TP
.B \-j, \-\-closed
Outputs only closed streamlines.
.TP
.B \-p F, \-\-profile=F
Output list of values for coordinates defined in F.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-mixed
Output text values in mixed cells only.
.TP
.B \-L L, \-\-level=L
Use cells at level L only.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-reinit
Reinitializes refinement and solid fractions.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-merged
Draw boundaries of merged cells.
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-squares
Draw (colored) squares.
.TP
.B \-g, \-\-gnuplot
Output gnuplot data.
.TP
.B \-x VAL, \-\-sx=VAL
outputs a GTS surface, cross section for x = VAL of the scalar variable.
.TP
.B \-y VAL, \-\-sy=VAL
outputs a GTS surface, cross section for y = VAL of the scalar variable.
.TP
.B \-z VAL, \-\-sz=VAL
outputs a GTS surface, cross section for z = VAL of the scalar variable.
.TP
.B \-s S, \-\-surface=S
outputs the surface defined by file S (or the solid surface is S is equal to `solid').
.TP
.B \-V S, \-\-vector=S
output an OOGL representation of the velocity vector field in the mixed cells.
.TP
.B \-l F, \-\-streamlines=F
draw streamlines starting from each point defined in file F.
.TP
.B \-C F, \-\-cylinder=F
draw stream cylinders starting from each point defined in file F.
.TP
.B \-R F, \-\-ribbon=F
draw stream ribbons starting from each point defined in file F.
.TP
.B \-r
refines the solid surface according to the local resolution.
.TP
.B \-c V, \-\-color=V
color surfaces, streamlines etc... according to the.
.TP
.B \-m V, \-\-min=V
set minimum scalar value to V.
.TP
.B \-M V, \-\-max=V
set maximum scalar value to V.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
display statistics and other info.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
display the help and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
gfs2oogl was written by Stephane Popinet <s.popinet@niwa.co.nz>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ruben Molina <rmolina@udea.edu.co>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
