.TH gfscompare 1 "July 10, 2008" "" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
gfscompare2D, gfscompare3D \- computes the difference between the solutions in FILE1 and FILE2 for variable VAR.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gfscompare
.RI [OPTION] FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gfscompare
command.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.

.TP
.B \-x, \-\-mixed
Compute error only in mixed cells.
.TP
.B \-m V, \-\-min=V
Set minimum of color scale to V (used with \-S).
.TP
.B \-M V, \-\-max=V
Set maximum of color scale to V.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-abs
Output the absolute value of the error field.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-constant
Apply a constant shift to one of the field, minimizing the error between the two fields (useful for pressure).
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-not-weighted
Do not use area-weighted norm estimation.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-centered
Use error estimation for cell-centered variables.
.TP
.B \-p P, \-\-period=P
Shifts FILE1 by P along the x axis.
.TP
.B \-H, \-\-histogram
Output (error,volume) pairs for each cell used to compute the error norms.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output
Output a GTS representation of the error field.
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-squares
Output an OOGL representation of the error field.
.TP
.B \-G, \-\-gnuplot
Output a gnuplot representation of the error field.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-triangulate
Use center of mass triangulation.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-log
Output the log10 of the absolute value of the error field.
.TP
.B \-f L, \-\-full=L
Compare only leaf cells descendants of a cell full at level L or all full leaf cells if L = \-1.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-refined
Display error norm on the finest grid.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-nocheck
Do not check solid fractions.
.TP
.B \-g C, \-\-gradient=C
Use the C component of the gradient of VAR.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Display difference statistics and other info.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
gfscompare was written by Stephane Popinet <s.popinet@niwa.co.nz>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ruben Molina <rmolina@udea.edu.co>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
